I learned how to set up a web page by using Github. I learned how to use repositories which is the area in Git hub that allows you to create a webpage and input what you want on that web page.
I also learned the importance of paying attenetion to the small details when it comes to coding. It can completely stomp someone and leave them stuck. 
I learned about different editors and the importance of everyone using the same one. 

Line editor: In this, you can only edit one line at a time or an integral number of lines. You cannot have a free-flowing sequence of characters. It will take care of only one line. 

 
Stream editors: In this type of editors, the file is treated as continuous flow or sequence of characters instead of line numbers, which means here you can type paragraphs. 

Screen editors: In this type of editors, the user is able to see the cursor on the screen and can make a copy, cut, paste operation easily. It is very easy to use mouse pointer. 

Word Processor: Overcoming the limitations of screen editors, it allows one to use some format to insert images, files, videos, use font, size, style features. It majorly focuses on Natural language.
Linux has a graphical user interface and it works pretty much like the GUI's on other systems that you are familiar with such as Windows and OSX. This tutorial won't focus on these as I reckon you can probably figure that part out by yourself. This tutorial will focus instead on the command line (also known as a terminal) running Bash.
A command line, or terminal, is a text based interface to the system. You are able to enter commands by typing them on the keyboard and feedback will be given to you similarly as text.
Within a terminal you have what is known as a shell. This is a part of the operating system that defines how the terminal will behave and looks after running (or executing) commands for you. There are various shells available but the most common one is called bash which stands for Bourne again shell. This tutorial will assume you are using bash as your shell.
Here's your first shortcut. When you enter commands, they are actually stored in a history. You can traverse this history using the up and down arrow keys. So don't bother re-typing out commands you have previously entered, you can usually just hit the up arrow a few times. You can also edit these commands using the left and right arrow keys to move the cursor where you want.
pwd which stands for Print Working Directory. (You'll find that a lot of commands in linux are named as an abbreviation of a word or words describing them.
In the previous commands we started touching on something called a path. I would like to go into more detail on them now as they are important in being proficient with Linux. Whenever we refer to either a file or directory on the command line, we are in fact referring to a path. ie. A path is a means to get to a particular file or directory on the system
